Update USAGE.md (#511)
openhab/openhab-google-assistant: docs/USAGE.md

If you do not specify the `speeds` option, Google will use and expect percentage values for the fan speed.
Otherwise, you will be able to set up and use human speakable modes, e.g. "fast" for 100% or "slow" for 25%.

> `speeds` will be a comma-separated list of values and an equal sign and different aliases for that mode after a colon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`speeds` will be a comma-separated list of modes, where the mode value corresponds to the speed value to be passed to the device. The mode or value is followed by an equal sign to list different aliases separated by a colon sign.
```

> So here both "high" and "two" would set the speed to 100%. Some air purifiers expect a specific value, however, like "1", or "2", instead of a percentage. In this case you should adapt the example code, and replace the percentage values with the values that the device expects. (e.g.: `speeds="0=away:zero,1=default:standard:one,2=high:two"`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So in the example stated below both "high" and "two" would set the speed to 100%.
Some devices may expect a specific value instead of a percentage, like "1" or "2" as speed values. In this case, you can adjust the configuration and replace the percentage values with the values that the device expects. (e.g.: `speeds="0=away:zero,1=default:standard:one,2=high:two"`).
```

You are also able to define the language of those aliases.
The option `ordered` will tell the system that your list is ordered and you will then be able to also say "faster" or "slower" and Google will use the next or previous speed.

```shell
Dimmer { ga="Fan" [ speeds="0=away:zero,50=default:standard:one,100=high:two", lang="en", ordered=true ] } # Only percentage values for the speed
Switch { ga="Hood" } # No speed control - only on/off
Dimmer { ga="AirPurifier" } # Only percentage values for the speed

> Dimmer { ga="AirPurifier" [ speeds="0=away:zero,1=low:one,2=medium:two,3=high,three,4=turbo,four", lang="en", ordered=true ] } # Specific speed values expected, which differ from percentage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dimmer { ga="AirPurifier" [ speeds="0=away:zero,1=low:one,2=medium:two,3=high:three,4=turbo:four", lang="en", ordered=true ] } # Specific speed modes/values stated, which can differ from percentage
```
